docs/index.md, before:

# Deep learning with Azure ML

Welcome the the Azure Machine Learning (AML) 60-minute blitz (inspired by the excellent [PyTorch 60-minute blitz](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/deep_learning_60min_blitz.html)).

By the end of this session you will:

- Be able to train and monitor models on Azure using the AML Python SDK
- Scale up your compute resources (from a single CPU to a distributed cluster of GPUs)
- Some other things too perhaps :-)

**NOTE.** [This page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/ml/?view=azure-ml-py) is a good skeleton for the 60-minute blitz for the Python SDK.

**Session 1** - [Getting started with the Azure ML Python SDK](session-01.md)



<!-- ## Getting Started

- Getting your AML Workspace set up
- Set up compute instance
- Set up compute cluster

## Managing Environments

- With conda
- With pip
- With docker
- With custom estimators

## Running Scripts Remotely

- Run hello-world.py script on AML remote compute
- Run PyTorch model on AML remote compute
- Run TensorFlow model on AML remote compute

## Logging Metrics -->

Commit message:

update setup  with more placeholders for content

docs/index.md, after:

## Introduction to Azure Machine Learning

Azure Machine Learning (AML) is a cloud service built for end-to-end machine learning, from developing in interactive notebooks and training on scalable clusters of VMs to monitoring key performance metrics and deploying models into production. AML provides a flexible set of tools built on top of Azure's powerful infrastructure.

In this tutorial we introduce the fundamental concepts required to quickly get started with AML.

**[Lesson 1: Setup](lesson01-setup.md)** _(5 minutes)_  
Register your AML workspace, get the Azure ML Python SDK and create your compute infrastructure.

**[Lesson 2: Hello AML](lesson02-hello_aml.md)** _(10 minutes)_  
Train our first model in the cloud with Azure ML's Python SDK.

**[Lesson 3: Environments](lesson03-environments.md)** _(10 minutes)_  
Manage our training environments with conda, pip and docker.

**[Lesson 4: Data Data Data](lesson04-datadatadata.md)** _(10 minutes)_  
Description...

**[Lesson 5: Pipelines](lesson05-pipelines.md)** _(10 minutes)_  
Description...
